[EDU-2633] Modify Services/Support menu structure and adjustments (#300)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/services/integration-services/best-practices-review.mdx

permalink: /documentation/services/best-practices-review/
---

Azion's **Best Practices Review (BPR)** offers a thorough evaluation of the infrastructure supported by Azion and provides expert recommendations to optimize performance, security, and efficiency. Azion's BPR enhances your operations and ensures industry-leading standards for your online presence.

> At Azion, we conduct an in-depth analysis of your workload to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Azion, an in-depth analysis of your workload is conducted to:
```

> - improve application performance and security.
> - assess the appropriate security measures.
> - support cost optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve application performance and security.
- Assess the appropriate security measures.
- Support cost optimization.
```
